hi today I'm delighted to present our
latest wedding products it isn't one
these fun wedding accessories provided
free reign at your reception all decor
each one made order in person for every
bride a dream all of our since custom
designs come in your choice of 13 of
today's hottest wedding colors it can be
individually printed to reflect your
name and visuals monogram wedding fee
since every runner is crafted durable
polyester with a satin finish this board
half by six-foot bear will really create
a standout at your celebrations and
they're super easy to use whether you
choose to add it as a focal point to
your head cake or give people simply
remove the paper backing to begin the
setup process feel free to touch it up
an iron or schema just be sure to use a
low heat setting and a pressing cloth
once all the wrinkles are pressed start
positioning the runner accordingly
centered over table linens and skirting
make sure to show the personalization on
the front side of the table
once you have it a race line up the
runner with the bottom of the dirty and
smooth out then it's time to really get
creative after the runner is a place
outdoor table license in place settings
to really make it up accessorize with
everything from colorful linens vibrant
floral arrangements pillar candles or
even lies it's really up to you and will
do it yourself projects DIY brides
because auto rage you like to encourage
them to add color coordinating trim the
edges or rhinestone embellishments to
really make it dazzle it truly is a
notable no matter how much or how little
you use it and as it holds up being
stored easily you'll be able to enjoy
this unique piece for years to come if
you enjoyed learning about our runners
be sure to check out all of our matching
accessories to fully customize your runs
everything from custom banners is photo
booth backdrops for decals in without
clean thanks for watching
Oh
you